external supermarket I am at the checkout
and that woman who often goes to save you
stamps i say yes it was a be that
entire tribe has torn off work
o no I already have
[Music]
Just tackle
and I don't know if she thought I live
thermos or something but I don't think so
have not known that word as
well what I super smooth with that at the
cash desk
the treadmill is certainly social
from your message to the leaking
I don't draw that as a cream for me
certainly a social on Sunday
there are always people who do that
separator bar for between
Messages must unite something
place with a little too much position of
and to do my shopping here
normal but i just rest
we have all the control freaks wrong with
organize and define and so on
i hate can find young girls t
big mess
when I come to say people do
like home and you immediately
Search
sexy ladies visit i don't know with the
do at home too
a mess just me
I am boldly relaxed with the separator bar
you with me that is just a floor
See if you like the soft ones
poncho
just so wasn't enough to state
looking for fries behind you have the ball
it does not resign you to this one yet
fashion message then you feel all that
look burning in your back with that message
of awakened ball
down and then they can breed
I always do that thank you they breed something
I then always do I put a message
my message leaked onto that tape
band leaked my message on that band
you buy a toblerone that is nice and bothering
down then we are starting that's mine
fight but guys often had people
my age are indifferent
there is an epidemic of over
gracefulness
shines it if you put it in too
cops but I mean that
that they feel that I am upset
the wrong things
there I have a message to whom she is
who are are to say where i am
angry or allowed to make or not
they do not know what I encounter them
know way of my fight is the
I had a crush
i hope put a file from pickwick there
on 20 bags for a cup of my crotch
way
I will honestly say I have
nowadays more and more that like me
to the news it is watching that
nothing really stuck
nex basil x stuck to national
they look and it really comes ans ans van
bavaria terrorism gaza strip
and the journal ends doing the
television off so i go to be black
screen and then I think only one
thing the think only who calls them
such a conny mus
I 'm for nothing
and I sometimes have it worse
I've got a bit worse than that
so i got sick when i was sick and whole
afternoon on television to deurnese te
look
I do not give a fuck about nothing at all term
the peasant i am better i walk over
street I stumble into a few steps
correct and I already salute what is that
I'm the only one I got when I s
mornings and considered from the package
and he is broken
that I there with a knife with boat that the
rub the edges of those pieces with
butter, and then back into each other do
as if it's a whole sheltered day
anoint
as if it were a long time oldest girls
to pretend it's a whole considered
and then after the first apples that smart
face exploded all the pieces that were on the
I jump to fine steam
work how we regard whores rusks
I am against it
I have five in the store today
minutes before maud look because
for me on the shelf for me in the
was in the store and one
one and a half liter bottle of sanex shower gel
one and a half liters
the sun could hold large bottles
how could she be the brute is such a
good miracle is who are those people
you know the market is going to be research
done
so what a bad luck of sanex are they
drag their sample
all strange people in the Netherlands with
strange shower just part called
am a fred
ne showering leather moderate my pony rida
flo garden out it's back on it
[Music]
will vary
I 'm going to have the king
[Applause]
thank you
director to me and everyone had one
that everyone
unwritten protocol everyone goes there
but with unwritten law you sort
seven beds
sometimes still there you may you may for example
don't call in the car without it
hands-free car kit that they give against is not allowed
calling in the car
some and freesat gold here an they go
you can with your car through the with
drive with a full meal on you
shot beaten
[Laughter]
russia scout phonebook i mecca
and that's why I take you there
always a random object minion
car
I could become a random object
about calling in the car
if I want her to have the oven
cars are agent next to my car
diamond ticked
yes yes yes no no me so what do you have there
someone already
but this is a look like rocky
[Music]
who i could so good at winning
sir
My chances throw them interesting chances
how do I find it just like chance
the look comes when the still the next
look
you can douwe you so i think
pleasant to maintain a custom
so to squeeze so the cities shortest
patsy
between the correct but also this side
you can simply wear them on your pet
just walk on the street
come from those actors no, because what is the question
because horea have a patch on the costs
I woke up early
throw that I also fine with the
good chances to throw but I would people
never
accidentally confronted with a fly and
i already said how he basically i don't
what i do i let them choose
I can go to a car wash at a
car wash will be sign and so must
now
what you want to do so have your car
I always point down with stomach
number 7
veal ragout and we like people who are
choose whole menu to cinnamon but then
was much older than come but so
it will be very honest